[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Any other questions
on the stuff that we covered today?
Yo.
>> Speaker 2: Would you mind kinda
recapping like the Redux stuff,
as far as like a higher level?
>> Scott Moss: Yep, yeah, I'll say that
if anybody else doesn't have anything,
I'll go over that.
Anything else?
>> Scott Moss: No?
Okay, all right, so higher-level Redux.
So you gotta think about it like this.
Let me, I'm gonna try to explain to
you that kinda made sense to me.
Cuz I gotta read things a couple times
to kinda figure out what's going on.
So the way I thought about it was, when
I learned Redux it actually changed my
life I was like wow I get it was that
good to me it changed my life and
you got think about it like this.
So if you have state you're
in your application right.
You have all these components and you
have state that you want to use in your
application, application state not local
state specific to the gov on it but state.
Are you gonna use everywhere maybe like
it lurks or notification stuff like that.
And if you have them sitting
inside on the component state
then you can't really predict who's
changing the state if it's new.
If it's updated if it's still
like you just don't know
because it's all it's in
many different places.
What's the source of truth?
So Redux is that source of truth is
like hey just like you have a database
on the server is like a let's put
a single state store writing application.
So Redux wasn't the first thing
to do that's just a flux thing.
The thing about Redux that actually took
them off and like made a better was like
if we like flux we like dispatching
actions, we like single state store, but
we're gonna do that we're going to take
this mythology of like reducing things so
what they do is the whole point is
to have your state in one place and
that way when you stay in the one place
you can do things like transformations
time travel logging you can apply
all these middleware to your
state because it's in one place
exactly where your state is.
And there's only one way to access it and
that's through action.
There's no other way to access
that you can't come in here and
say you know Redux.state.Todos+1
you can't do that.
There's no way to do it.
The only way to access the state
is a fire going to action.
So now and
then you create those actions yourselves.
Right.
And then with a reducer or
does it taste action and
is like okay given this action.
This is the new state.
Is what the new state's gonna like.
So there's no way that you can have like
unpredictable side effects because all
the producers are pure functions.
They don't do third party calls
they don't call the server they
only return state they're
pure no side effects.
So that means your state is exactly
gonna be the way you describe it to be
nothing more nothing less.
So now is really predictable.
So now you've never really great tooling
and now you know what's actually happening
because you can only change
the state with an action.
You're not like worried about
like wow this is crazy but
going on the why this thing equals
two you have to worry about
that you never call the X in the first
place and there's no way that that state.
Unless the action was
called somewhere else.
It's really easy to figure out what's
actually happening in the application.
You call a action.
You change or you create a new state.
And then the app updates.
That's it.
You don't modify the state ever.
It's always immutable.
If you go look at the reducers here.
The reason we do this like why do we just
say state push action dot payload and
just return that.
As we would be modifying the state.
So, what we do is we create
a entirely new array
with the payload in it
plus the old stuff it.
So, it's immutable, right.
That way we don't have to like we're
not mutating state which is actually
That's when stuff gets really confusing
we start mutating stuff like okay,
I don't actually know what's
going on here anymore.
We're just like you create a new
state every single time, always.
So yeah, that's high level,
pretty much it.
But basically for me it's just
like one place where the state is
that we can do crazy things like
you'll see tomorrow we'll do thonks.
On the Web you have like logging
you'll have all types of other stuff.
And then just describing like what
happens when that stage changes.
So what happens when somebody adds a post.
This happens.
And that's it.
This is the only place that
is going to change the state.
Nowhere else in this application is
the state ever going to get changed
other than right here.
So now we don't have to think about
where this actually happened or
what actually happened.
We can just look at the actions.
Go back in time until we figure out
when this actually happened and
if you can see what
the transformation was and that's it.
Any other questions on this?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah it's.
All right so
do we have any more questions for today?
I want to do is go over
briefly we're going tomorrow.
So we're going to be doing tomorrow is so
amazing designs for the app.
>> Scott Moss: Is look out of here.
So about.
>> Scott Moss: So
here's this sweat book app.
Some pretty pretty okay out.
To be like in our design this.
So it's great.
It's literally just it's
a fitness logging app so
you can go to the you can go to the gym.
You can as exercises and
use as your sets is gonna be using
some A-P-I is like a secret storage so
storing things locally on a device but
still getting the asynchronous.
Lessons from fetching and it's going to
use in different opponents like we're
going to use type aheads, we're going to
use linear gradient agency, we're going to
have a sliding tab navigation, we're going
to have nav bars and all types of stuff.
So we'll be covering a lot
of that stuff tomorrow.
And it's, this will actually be like
a production ready app that you can, like,
use on your phone or put somewhere and
it'll work, like a pretty solid one.
And then there'll also be lessons for,
like, future stuff that we just didn't
have time to build or
that you can add yourself too if you want.
So this is what we'll be doing tomorrow.